How is that possible?
That little Que Tu.
It's not to say the Empress wears pink to the palace.
Why did it suddenly turn green?
This must be her trap.
She sent Xiao Guizi to deceive the palace.
Your Majesty.
Queen Mother
Let me explain.
Yao, you don't always claim to be smart and cautious.
How can you believe someone else's words?
It's really stupid.
Princess
The Queen has just come on a trip.
You don't understand that, Your Majesty.
I was hurt.
All right, Heng.
The flag of our Yao family is this green.
Princess Yao gave the Ai family the same clan.
She wears green for this important occasion.
Showing not to forget the grieving mother's family is very relieved.
Princess Yao's mother is not in dispute with you
Not so fast, thank you.
Ta Queen
Mom, this is the princess.
I met the Queen.
The concubine.
It's lawless.
The Queen was angry.
Mom, what are you doing?
She's pregnant with my dragon.
In this palace there is only the King and Queen.
You can wear this Su Cam. What product are you?
Dare to steal the wind with someone's house
Somebody, take off her clothes for me.
Sweetie, this is happiness.